Add parameters `$useBootstrap`, `$checkEvents` and `$configGroupPostfix` to the `HttpApplicationRunner` (#43)
yiisoft/yii-runner-http: README.md

(new HttpApplicationRunner(
    rootPath: __DIR__, 
    debug: $_ENV['YII_DEBUG'],
    checkEvents: $_ENV['YII_DEBUG'],
    environment: $_ENV['YII_ENV']
))->run();
```

### Additional configuration

By default, the `HttpApplicationRunner` is configured to work with Yii application templates and follows the
[config groups convention](https://github.com/yiisoft/docs/blob/master/022-config-groups.md).

You can override the default configuration using constructor parameters and immutable setters.

#### Constructor parameters

`$rootPath` — the absolute path to the project root.

`$debug` — whether the debug mode is enabled.

`$checkEvents` — whether check events' configuration.

`$environment` — the environment name.

`$bootstrapGroup` — the bootstrap configuration group name.

`$eventsGroup` — the events' configuration group name.

`$diGroup` — the container definitions' configuration group name.

`$diProvidersGroup` — the container providers' configuration group name.

`$diDelegatesGroup` — the container delegates' configuration group name.

`$diTagsGroup` — the container tags' configuration group name.

`$paramsGroup` — the config parameters group name.

> `$nestedParamsGroups` — configuration group names that included to config parameters group. This is needed for recursive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$nestedParamsGroups` — configuration group names that are included into config parameters group. This is needed for recursive
```

merge parameters.
 

> `$nestedEventsGroups` — configuration group names that included to events' configuration group. This is needed for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$nestedEventsGroups` — configuration group names that are included into events' configuration group. This is needed for 
```

require_once __DIR__ . '/autoload.php';

(new HttpApplicationRunner(
    rootPath: __DIR__, 
    debug: $_ENV['YII_DEBUG'],
    checkEvents: $_ENV['YII_DEBUG'],
    environment: $_ENV['YII_ENV']
))->run();
```

> By default, HTTP runner .

Reviewer: ?

Author: fixed
